The qustion: what problem does solves life after death. Well as you can see you can't fine tune your mind. You can't think faster slower, more precise. You see that all your reality is limited by your senses and imagination which are extremely limited so much limited that you even can't see the problem at all. I see a lot of problems, I see not only problems but also ways we can improve without solving problems but by just being happier. So I want to fine tune a lot of meta parameters about myself. Sothing simple - my mind is blocking me from simulating you with greater quality. I want to see Witgenstein and simulate him with much higher quality than I can even in a good dream. This would make mu life easier. What's exactly the question, I want to have more hands basically. So I have physical hands and I have mental hands, thoughts, images, what I percieve as real and this is a result of computational system than can do everything much more precise why would I not want to solve this problem? I mean the reality enforced upon me in by biological limited machine with single speed, maybe two three speeds depending on the drugs you're taking but that's it. I have more imagination than that. 

The question: How do we have prefences. i.e. if I describe you I don't trully describe all your preferences only what you're doing, only your state not your mental direction. 
First of all this is obivously false. To have here a "real" person means having him here together with his preferences. It's impossible to talk about a person as a fact outside of his internal "preferencial facts" - like his decisions are also facts, and his actions based on his believes which are facts are also facts, but they create a preference. Like for example we don't want to cut ourselves - most of us. This is because evolution gave us stuff. This stuff is our brain, and this brain is controling our actions. This control is optimized for survival. So how do I feel freedom this is a good question, but this has nothing to do with the fact that the brain controls you - the matrix has you. 

Now to untangle this - we just need to simply see the difference between seeing with our brain from the outside imagining things and being inside them. So you're welcome imagine Witgenstein imagining himself, and something else. So this is obviously impossible so he made a trick he made his own simulation in very low quality. Because the self simulation is low quality and he is now looking at us with high quality, that means he is cheating. And the cheat is to hold in your hand more than you can trully simulate. This is logical faulty, where you can't compile the sentece trully if you would trully imagine what you're asked to imagine. You can ask to imagine something with lower quality but then you should not return to the same place, and say look hey I simulated myself and something more, this is stupid impossible number game. You obviously can't simulate yourself simulating yourself in better quality than what you are now simulating your current reality. But now the dychotomy between fact and action, is due to wrong perception of time. We are not static frame we are moving frames, we are not a movie but a time proccessed movie. There is time energy uncertainty principle you can check out that time is inherently undefined on small intervals. This means that we are not frames there is more going on. I agree vetors. My view of ourselves is frames of information. This information needs one batch of information, that copies and this copy is evolving but in order to make copy one need to code this emount of code into a "minimal package information" from the quantum system. Otherwise there is no meaning in measuring time, the information is not encoded into anythin. basically we're blick of information. with some rate. Those blick are moving somewhere there is a "force" - this force is the direction of morality, estetics - the time vector is correlated with consiousness vector. The inside is small projection of the outside into some "new loop" level of self modeling with lower resolution. 

This is very simple actually, we just need to resist reality in some axioms which came from physics and mahe matics. So although when we say force or when we say probability distribution and netwowrk "preference" we are not talking about facts only we are talking about statistics and about posible future projections and "chosing" by some algorithm the "best". It's like the question how can you find local minimum? is there an algorithm to find local minimum? Yes there is an algorithm that accepts syntax of some collection of functions and returns the minimum of this optimization called stochastic gradient descent. Nothing miracolous about optimization algorithm, we all seen one. Peopele optimize all the time the best course of actions. 

Absolute truth and infinity
There is no absolute truth. We can solve all the time consciousness problem and not solve it eventually but we can still improve just like we can imrpove solving pi for as long as we want and as long as we understand there is no real pi that we are getting only finite very precise approximation of it. There is also obviously no perfect circle. Because the ... are not infinity and we just thought it's, every time we imagine something which assumes ... it's also an illusion and now we can think about finite models of this infinite approach to it, and see how the infinite breaks is also working for reality this same breaks. And this same breaks of not going faster than speed of light and uncertaintly princple is basically quantum limitation. So there is no truth, there is not obsolute, there is no esthetics or ethics, there is only limited not so adapted, not so ideal people. This is all there is - people, reality, consciousness. This is all limited words that try to express something which is not possible to contain inside them. Like saying image yourself living the next milion years. You can't so next two years is it possible? You can't as well, passed less than two years so you made shortcuts and this is ok as long as you realize it's impossible to achive full imagination of yourself in ten seconds of the next two years. This is an illusion that you create in order to survive. Lower resolution model. But it's not "absolute" as it's limited. 

Non controdictive phrases 
For example when I say, million of years, I'm obviously trying to convey the reader of a phrase he thinkgs he understands but he doesn't. Because to read this phrase he had to think in numbers but henever counted till million, he usually says something like I can count till 10, 100, 1000 - this took me quete long time, I will imagine myself doing it 1000 times 1000 and this is million. But this is crazy this is very big count and it takes a lot of time even to really think about it. But there is a way to expressit shorter by a name. This name will give you some association with what I'm talking about but not the real deal. So you need to understand what deal are you truly getting and the larger the number I'm saying the worse deal you're getting as the resolution is dropping. So you are actually better sticking with smaller numbers than millions of years. So this is not a contradiction really infinite is also not a real contrucdition but we should sample it with decresing paste the zenon paradox. And the answer to zenon paradox is simple - you can't think on too short periods of time because when you start to think about it the time has past. So you can think about periods of time which are physically or mathematically possible to measure something has changed somewhere. If nothing can be measured as cahnged there is no consciouss presence of the change and there for there is no meaning to such small time. 

Relativstic consciousness
We can imagine computers that reach the realativistic limit - they will start to get close yo quantum border of speed of light and yet less than speed of light so tha everything exists less that I can think about. So this is also zeno paradox - and therefore I can't think about not only speed of light but speed of light minus me having some time to percieve anything and proccess any information and this is somewhat less than speed of light. 

