I have been observing my own behavior for a long time now. I don't know why, but I can feel that something is wrong with me, something is wrong with the algorithm which executes my behavior. Maybe it's partially because I messed with it, being a programmer - a self programmer. Religion and society in general has a way to program others by values of some "authority", they program you to share their value system. They program you with stick and carrot, capitalism is just another way to have stick and caret expressed in numbers. Oh well I can have my own stick and carrot in form of internal economy. 
This allows me to program myself by the same methods society is programming me. 
It is very simple: I am the one who decides what is good or bad for me. This decision will be reflected in my actions. If I think something is bad but I want it, I will pay coins when I inclined to bad behaviour , if I think something is good, I will reward myself with coins for this behavior.
For example I tend to spend too much time on Facebook and YouTube, those are products which use me as part of the products. They give instant gratitude with fun experience, but waste my time terribly, way more than I would like too. So I pay myself some coins to watch YouTube. This promotes a perception where watching YouTube is actually costs me something, it's not "money" but internal coins. 
I think I will be able to rewire myself this way.
As I am writing this, my internal economy doesn't have actual value yet, it's just the idea of it. But I can see myself assigning value to it already.
Religions program you though repetition. You repeat each sentence many times during long period (years) every day, and this way you become associated with it. But I don't need some "good uncle" to give me statements to repeat each day, to the contrary as a self programmer I invent those statements myself and experiment with them. The statements that survive and rise up in my thought during the days I score by "paying for them". Every morning I repeat my statements the amount of times correlated with their value. I reward myself every time I read my statements. Every time a statement was beneficial I raise some more coins to say it more times. Thus a statement is represented by effort invested into it, and has weight proportional to its benefit (normalized to the amount of words of course). 
I think of myself as a very long sausage of things, each hour the sausage filled with some substance of "things" I've done in this hour. So I report to myself how I spent every hour, and if it was beneficial to me in the long run, or was it waste of time. The game allows me to reward and punish myself according to my own belief system of good and bad. 
When I was a kid and I wanted to watch TV or play computer, my mom always asked me: "Mateus, do you want to watch TV or play computer or do you want to do something useful?" And I always answered "I want to do something useful". And she would reply: "So go to your goddamn room and do it then, and don't ask me again.". But I didn't really know what "something useful" was, because I was a kid. Now I am a grownup and I can invent my own "something useful" - and that is exactly what I am doing right now.
I am rewarded by my increased ability to focus on important things in life, and by my ability to get myself out of my natural path. Each individual has its path which is basically can be called a comfort zone. But saying "get out of the comfort zone" is meaningless. You need to reprogram yourself in a way that a comfort zone would be different, you need to change your path by stick and carrot like society did to you. Otherwise there is no real chance to get out of the comfort zone, get out of the natural momentum your mind used to find itself in. 
I am not trying to get out of the comfort zone by sheer willpower, I am trying to extend it by willing myself to find it pleasurable to stay out of it. By reprogramming myself. 
The goal of this exercise is to be able to program myself in the way I want. This would be a way to achieve my goals that don't seem reachable using the original configuration of my mind. Being able to program myself is equivalent to adding a new software to my brain, that is able to do things my original brain wasn't able to do.
Like an app that you install on your devices. You can see society installed many apps in your brain, a language, a moral value system, a belief in legitimate governance, religion, economy, sexual habits and family, self identity with some tribe etc. etc. Those are all installed in the package of "education system". 
But I am not satisfied with the package, I want to uninstall and reinstall a new one.
I want to have a google store where I can download new apps, and there is no need for "obeying" the apps installed in me by the social order. Everyone should be able to install new apps in their brain and uninstall the old ones. Many times we can copy the template of the existing apps, but reinstall entirely new "genome" into them. 
This is basically mind hacking and self booting. I am trying to teach myself how to do it.
Is it dangerous? Of course!
But I think it's not more dangerous than living in a society that is running by other people who think they know what best for me better than me. I don't require their service any longer, and I'm trying to tell them to go fuck themselves, and mind their own business. 
Because I think the most dangerous entity for an individual is a collective of people, a crowd. And that's what a government is. Don't forget, a government is basically a crowd which organized itself in a way to be able fight other crowds. That's the root of all evils and crimes. We should keep this in mind.
Thanks for reading.
You can reach me at my twitch channel simsim3141. 
